Previously
on "The Rookie"...
Seth told me that
his high-school girlfriend
died of an OD, but then he
told Miles that she died
in a car accident--there's
something off with him.
Uh, Nolan.
This is my sister, Genny.
What can you tell me about
that guy crossing the street?
His colors and the tattoos
suggest that he is affiliated.
I'd say he's a part
of the Sixth Street Devils.
I messed up
with Lucy, I think.
So you want to talk now, or--
- Do we need to talk?
We can go back to normal.
It seems clear that we have a
second serial killer at large.
I think Glasser is my guy.
Now you are in the spotlight,
and you will stay there
until I find a way to hang
these murders around your neck
and lock you away forever.
Do you ladies have any advice
for a newly minted P2?
Oh, I have so much advice
about so many things.
You're going to have to be
a little bit more specific.
Here's the thing--every year
on the job is different.
Every case is different.
You never really stop
being a rookie.
I like that.
Oh, god, it's 8:00 a.m.,
and it's already scorching.
He couldn't have picked
a trail with more shade?
Glasser lives
at the bottom of the hill.
He hikes this trail
twice a week.
How does a serial killer
find more time
to work out than I do?
He has a lot of time
on his hands.
With the LAPD watching
his every move,
he hasn't been able to indulge
in his favorite hobby.
Wait, are we sure about that?
I thought Grey cut
his surveillance in half.
I have been
picking up the slack.
OK, on top of all your other
cases and being a mom?
You must be exhausted.
It's not so bad,
and it's not going be forever.
Glasser will slip up,
and when he does,
I will be the one
to put the cuffs on him.
Does anybody else
smell smoke?
Yeah, there must be a fire
up north somewhere.
Get her away from him.
Hey, we got you.
This is
Detective Nyla Harper.
We have a fast-moving wildfire,
trailhead of Pullman
and Harriman Avenue.
- ♪ Don't be anybody... ♪
Got it.
Where do you need me?
Morning. Copy.
Absolutely.
Better safe than sorry.
Hey, there's coffee
in the kitchen.
I got to go--
fire is spreading fast,
and Grey needs me
on road closures.
I have no idea
when I'll be home.
No, that's okay.
Court's going remote today.
They don't want anybody
getting stranded.
Okay, bye. Mwah.
both: Love you.
Bye.
So, uh, it's just you
and three kids
under the age of five?
Just for an hour.
Sidney gets in around 9:00.
Okay, well, um,
if something comes up,
I'm manning a shelter
over at Hollenbeck.
Hey, you be good
for Uncle Wesley, okay?
Mwah!
Oh, sounds like
your friend Emmy's up.
Wow, Leah, what did you eat?
Potty's broken.
Uh...
Hey, Sidney, yeah, I was just
thinking about you.
Uh-huh.
No, no, no, no, no, I get it.
The roads are a mess.
There's no point
endangering yourself.
Just, um, stay home.
I got this.
Is it a mess?
Yeah.
According to LAFD,
fire is zero percent contained,
moving at wind speed
south toward structures.
Natural causes
or deliberate 4-51?
Unknown at this time.
Harper thinks Glasser set it.
Lucy says it's too soon.
- All right.
I'll order mandatory holdover
and authorize paid overtime.
Coordinate with North Hollywood
for staging areas,
evacuation routes, and make
sure that the fire broadcast
updates
on the mutual aid channel.
- Copy.
- Where do you want us?
Tim won't have time
to train today.
Take Officer Penn.
- Happy to.
Check in with Harper.
She's coordinating the
Western District evacuation.
Yes, sir.
Should I join Officer Chen
in the field?
No, I need extra pair
of hands here.
Yeah, I'm happy to help.
Don't get too excited.
Your job's to be yelled at
all day.
Right.
We need to be
in constant contact
with city, state,
and federal agencies.
This one is for FEMA.
This is
National Weather Service,
and this is LAFD.
Now, each phone
has several lines.
It's important
to keep them straight.
Okay, got it.
Why aren't you writing
any of this down?
Oh, I'll remember.
Son, today is going to hit
you like a freight train.
In an hour, you won't remember
your middle name.
Every time I look at you,
I want to see paper and a pen
at all times.
Yes, sir.
Ridley.
Right, it's the--
Got it, and I got the pen too.
Dress is BDUs and duty belts.
Thank you.
This entire neighborhood,
all the way down to Sunset,
is under mandatory evacuation,
so I need you
doing door to door.
- Copy that.
Ooh, these are
a lot more comfortable
than our regular uniforms.
Yeah, why can't we
wear this every day?
Because we look
like mall security.
Honestly,
I wouldn't mind that.
Oh, um, Grey wanted
your help at the shelter
and reunification center.
- Okay, you got it.
See you guys.
- Bye.
Later.
All right,
start with the north side
and make note
of everyone you talk to.
What if they
don't want to go?
Then you ask them
for their dentist's office,
because we will need a way
to identify their remains.
Will do.
All right.
Is Glasser's surveillance
duty taking over?
Grey can't spare
the manpower.
Hey, this neighborhood
is under an evacuation order.
You need to pack up and head
to the Hollenbeck shelter.
Are you here
to help us or watch us?
Oh, I don't think the, uh,
LAPD is going to have time
to harass us today, honey.
They're going to have
their hands full--
evacuations, looting.
I hope nothing falls
through the cracks.
Oh, don't worry.
It won't.
All right, let's get packing.
Come on, buddy.
It's creepy how easily
he can fake loving his family.
They're his disguise.
They just don't know it.
Genny, everything okay?
No.
I just got a call
from the boys' school.
They're closing early
because of the air quality--
a thing that never happened
when I lived in Ohio.
The problem is I just left
work on the West Side,
and with all the road closures,
it's going to take me--
It won't even give me
an estimate.
I think the map
is laughing at me.
- I can pick up the kids.
- You sure?
I know you must be busy.
- It's no problem.
They can hang at my place.
-  Thank God.
Thank you. I will be there
as soon as I can.
Okay. Bye.
No, no, that--that street
has already been evacuated.
I--
No, not you.
Officers have not reached
Wentworth yet.
Yeah, can, um--
Yes, Mrs. Deputy Mayor--uh,
Ms. Deputy Mayor, how can I--
Yes, absolutely.
Let me just patch
you right through.
Did you just hang
up on the mayor?
No, no, I--
Maybe.
Let the boss know
I'm on the move.
Radio if you need anything.
- Yeah, yeah, you got it.
No, I'm not--
no, I'm not talking to you.
All right, so we're
about to be overrun
with families
in need, all right?
So we need beds ready,
grab-and-go food,
and an open line
of communication
with other emergency services,
all right?
Welcome.
Thank you.
Nyla sends her love.
Oh, really?
Well, I mean,
she definitely would have
if she thought of it--
she's, uh, a little busy.
I understand.
So you're the LAPD
liaison officer?
I'm here to reunite families,
direct them to resources,
and get anyone missing
into the MUPS system ASAP.
Great. Well, there's
an open table over there.
You can set up by the door.
- Thank you.
Kylie.
We've missed you over
at the community center.
You know you're the only one
who appreciates
my taste in music.
- Tolerates.
- Oh, okay.
I see you singing along.
Where have you been?
- Just around.
I was hoping to volunteer
here today.
We're happy to have you.
Come on.
Oh, thank you.
You haven't seen
the incredibly tedious task
I have for you.
No, I mean, I've been
going through a lot lately,
and seeing you
always makes things better.
Ah, that's, uh--
that's great to hear.
Come on, let's get to work.
Grab a line,
start knocking down the fire.
Hit the hydrant--we need
to spray down these houses.
Got it.
Hey, there.
Don't I know you?
You're so familiar--I feel
like maybe we used to date?
Unlikely.
I'm way out of your league.
Fair.
How's the evacuation going?
- We got two streets cleared.
- Good.
We'll do a thorough wet-down--
unless the wind changes,
we should be able to save
the houses.
Boss, we got a problem.
No time for subtlety.
This truck needs water.
Should we help push it
out the way?
No need.
Firefighters don't mess around.
What the hell are you doing?
You know how much
that car costs?
Gun!
Put it on the ground!
- Drop it!
All right,
secure the weapon.
Go on.
I swear, LAPD is going
to have to start paying me.
Hey, if you're flirting
with me, I'm married.
Yeah, no, thank you,
Your Honor.
I think a continuation is wise,
given my current situation.
Okay.
Okay, go play.
Oh.
Hey, you calling
to check on Leah?
Um, yes, and also
to ask some legal advice.
Right. Well, Leah is fine,
although she did manage
to activate
a middle-finger emoji
while I was Zooming the judge.
I didn't even know
that was a thing.
Yeah, neither did I,
and he was not amused.
What's up?
Uh, so what is my wiggle room
on taking a look
inside Glasser's house?
We are in a mandatory
evacuation zone,
and the family's
packing to leave.
All right, um, no warrant is
needed for protective sweep
during an evacuation
as long as you limit
your search to a place
where a person could hide.
Perfect. Thanks.
Good, you got your belt on.
Hey.
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
- Protective sweep.
It is legal as long
as I limit my search
to places people can hide,
like a closet.
So you can look
for a body hiding,
but you can't go
through drawers
looking for trophies that,
uh--that looters might steal.
Exactly.
Well, unfortunately
for looters,
we don't keep anything of value
here--that would be stupid.
Oh, and you are
far from stupid, huh?
You know, tell me--is it
hard to keep your real self
hidden away from your family?
Do you show
the killer inside you
to your husband
and your two lovely children?
How many has it been?
Two men murdered in the line
of duty, or is it three?
Do you dream about them?
Do you relive the moment you
ended each of their lives?
All clear.
Get out.
Thanks for all the help, Nyla.
- Detective Harper.
You ready, bud?
Let's go.
- How's the evacuation going?
- About 80% there.
Good.
Follow Glasser to the shelter.
Make sure someone
always has eyes on him.
Well, Grey wanted us
back on the streets.
Calls for service.
- Tell him I made you.
That's all I need.
- Where's Kojo?
- Uh, he's at dog day care.
Listen, your mom will be back
in a few hours.
Until then, do whatever you're
supposed to do after school.
It's usually a lot of PS5
and popcorn.
Yeah, it's hours and hours
of "Miles Morales."
She's...
Real strict about that.
- I bet.
Nice try.
We usually do homework,
then piano,
then online language lessons
and meal prep.
Your mom runs a tight ship.
I respect that.
Get all of that done, you can
fire up the PS5, all right?
I'll be back.
What should we do first?
Maybe wait until I pull away
before you ignore
my instructions.
Yes, sir.
Yes, absolutely.
I will get that
to you right here.
Thank you so much.
Hi, welcome.
Uh, if I can just
have your names
and contact information
so I can get you in the system.
How's it going, officers?
I thought I, uh, lost you
back at the light on Western.
No, sir,
but I would recommend you drive
a little more carefully
with your family in the car.
Does the baby need a crib?
No, we co-sleep.
Three beds is fine.
Okay, great,
uh, well, I can give you...
C-8 through 10.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, and I have something extra
special for the little man.
Oh, that's so sweet.
Thank you.
- Keep an eye on him.
- All righty.
Where do you want
to put the baby?
Just right here.
How's it going here?
Oh, you know,
just controlled chaos.
Emphasis on "chaos." Yeah.
- Right.
- Hey, it's good to see you.
- Need a hand?
- No, no, I got it.
- All right.
- Then why are you hiding?
- I'm not.
We need to know you're solid.
Excuse me.
You, uh, here
to help volunteer?
Get lost.
I'm talking to Kylie.
Yeah, it doesn't seem
like she really wants
to talk to you.
Stay out of this or get hurt.
Let's talk outside.
Whoa, whoa.
Don't touch her.
I'll be back.
Honey, I'm going to, uh,
head to the warehouse,
make sure everything's
all squared away.
- What?
- I'll be back in a bit.
Is there a problem here?
No.
No problem.
We'll talk later.
Be cool.
Thanks.
You okay?
- I'm fine.
What was that about?
I don't know,
but I'm going to find out.
You're supposed
to be watching Glasser.
I-I heard the crash,
and I came to check in--
Mrs. Glasser, do you know
where your husband is?
Why, so you
can harass him again?
He's done nothing wrong.
And I appreciate that, but my
boss is breathing down my neck.
I just need to know
where he is.
He left to check
the warehouse,
make sure everything
was secure.
- What's wrong?
- I'm sorry.
Glasser is gone.
His wife said he went to
go check his warehouse.
Damn it!
He'll ditch the car
the first chance he gets.
He has been planning this
right under our noses.
It's not your fault
he got away.
You know that, right?
I should have followed him
to the shelter myself
and parked right on his ass.
Okay, I'm going
to say something,
and I want you to know
it comes from a place of love.
This is what you do.
You throw yourself
into the job,
following suspects
on your free time,
going undercover for years.
And as one of the people who's
safer because of it, thank you.
But you need to look after you.
So are--are--are we going
to look for Glasser,
or are we going to have
a therapy session?
I said what I needed to say.
He knew we'd BOLO his car.
- Yeah, and he was ready.
Something was parked here
until very recently.
Maybe they saw something.
Hey, Glasser had a switch car
stashed at the warehouse.
I need every camera
in a five-mile radius.
I know the city is on fire,
but this is a priority.
You should pack up.
The air's not safe.
- You're out here.
- I'm looking for somebody.
Did you see him?
- Yeah, a few minutes ago.
What kind of car
was he driving?
I don't know, but he gave
Phil 50 bucks to go with him
to help move something.
I tried to get in on it, but he
said he just needed one guy.
Lucky Phil.
Glasser's got a new victim.
Kylie, are you sure
you're all right?
Yeah, all good.
You disappear for a week,
and when you come back,
some guy is threatening you.
I'm worried about you.
- Don't.
I'm handling it.
I saw his tattoo.
He's with
the Sixth Street Devils.
There was a shooting
about a week ago.
A member of a rival gang
was killed.
That's got nothing
to do with me.
Really? He was shot right
outside the Phoenix Room.
Isn't that where you work?
Please, let me help you.
I don't want you involved.
It's too dangerous.
Kylie, if you're involved,
I'm involved.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Oh.
- Kylie, I--
- You didn't--
I'm--I'm sorry.
I-I think maybe I sent
the wrong signals.
Um, I absolutely love my wife.
Sorry.
Um, I'm-- I'm sorry.
Tim, did you hear about the
looting in your neighborhood?
What?
No, what street?
Uh, just south of you,
on Grange.
I got to go.
My nephews are home alone.
I'm coming with you.
Hey, I-I need some advice.
Can it wait?
I'm literally on fire.
No. Yeah, g--go deal
with that.
I-I got this.
- Where's Glasser's wife?
- Uh, over there with the kids.
Glasser's in the wind,
and he has a fresh victim.
Does she really think the
wife is going to talk to her?
No. The human capacity
for self-delusion
never ceases to amaze.
Um, would you want to know
if something was going on
behind your back?
Like if Wesley
was murdering people?
No, more like,
you know, cheating
or just--just being flirtatious
with a colleague.
Well, flirting's harmless,
but physical intimacy
is a hard bright line.
If Wesley so much as kisses
another woman,
I'll be a wealthy,
glamorous widow.
- Where is your husband?
- Protecting his business.
No, he is not--he switched
cars and disappeared.
You are harassing
an innocent man.
Get your head
out of your ass.
Your husband is a psychopath
who is currently on his way
to commit serial murder,
and either you are complicit,
or you are in a pathological
state of denial
about who he really is.
- How dare you?
I do not have time
for your outrage.
If you have any idea
of where he might go--
someplace private,
someplace police wouldn't know
about, you need to tell me.
I don't know anything!
Leave me alone!
Ah, "Undertale."
That is a great game.
It took me forever
to beat Sans.
You know, Detective Harper--
s-she's just really worried
about your dad.
It's really dangerous out there
with the fire.
Do you have any idea
where he might be?
I'm not supposed to talk
about it.
You know,
sometimes when people say
something is a secret,
that doesn't mean
you shouldn't be able to tell
grown-ups you can trust.
No.
It's a secret secret.
- Even from the police?
- Especially from the police.
Theo, we're just
trying to find your dad
to make sure he's safe.
My dad has another car.
Really?
What--what kind of car?
A-a van.
It's brown.
Get the hell away from him!
Ma'am, according to your son,
your husband has
a secret vehicle--a brown van.
He doesn't know
what he's talking about.
He's lying--
traffic camera just captured
Glasser and his victim
in a green Jeep Cherokee.
I'm sorry.
Dad told me one day
the police might be after him,
and if they were,
I should talk about a brown van
and say it was a big secret.
He's using your son
to lie for him.
You okay with that?
That doesn't make sense.
Why would he ask Theo to lie?
It makes perfect sense
if your husband knew
that one day he'd be on the run
from the police
and his son
would be questioned.
Your husband's
a methodical planner.
He spent years grooming
a mental patient
to take responsibility
for his crimes.
So...
all those bodies they found,
Liam did that?
Yes.
I know where he'd go.
There's a house.
No one's ever there.
It's in my mom's name.
Hey, tilt it upwards.
Stop right there.
Hey, officers.
We're just, uh--
we're evacuating.
Oh, you live here?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we're just, uh--
We're packing up
the old family heirlooms, so...
Uh-huh.
If this is your place,
who's that?
God, I am so unlucky.
I just--I mean, what
are the odds, am I right?
Put the TV down.
Show me your hands.
Gently.
Turn around.
Get on your knees.
- Where are the boys?
- What--what boys?
No, that's not fair.
Control, we need transport
for two 4-59 suspects.
Cool.
I told you I heard something.
What is happening?
7-Adam-100,
go to channel 9.
Go for 7-Adam-100.
We have a location
for Glasser.
We are on our way
with Nolan and Miles,
but traffic is terrible.
You are closer.
Can you get
to the Angeles Forest?
I'll send you coordinates.
Yeah, if we approach
from the west,
the Eagle Rock Road entrance
should be clear of the fire.
All right, listen,
we're gonna have to take 39,
but do not wait for us.
He has a victim.
We have to act fast.
Copy.
Okay, thank you.
What is this?
- Areas with looting.
Why isn't it color-coded?
We went over this.
Red for areas with calls
in the 10-plus range,
and blue is for--
- You're still a rookie, right?
- Yeah.
That's not--
Mid-Wilshire.
Okay, got it.
Uh, yeah,
fire changed direction.
Eagle Rock Road, hard closure.
Okay.
Thank you for the update.
Officer Ridley.
Yes, sir.
Did you hang up
on the deputy mayor?
Not--not on purpose, sir,
but I, uh--
Good job.
Keep it up.
I--sir--
I don't have time
for her political games,
so "accidentally" hang up
as many times as it takes
for her to get the message.
- Yes, sir.
- All right.
Mid-Wilshire.
Okay.
Um, 101.
It was nice to see the boys.
I miss coaching them.
They bailed on baseball--
all about esports now.
Oh. Well, it's probably
for the best.
Neither of them
could really hit a curveball.
You know, they
asked about you a couple times.
Oh.
Well, what did you say?
7-Adam-100,
we have fully engulfed terrain
on Eagle Rock Road.
We need fire and rescue
to Eagle Rock Road.
We are completely blocked off
in both directions.
7-Adam-200 copies the last.
Closest
ground rescue unit's 30 out.
Fire, can you advise?
It'll be over by then.
Can you get to a clearing
or off road?
Uh, the only way off
is down a cliff.
- I'll get someone to you.
- We'll hold out until you do.
We got to get clear
of the shop.
Between the battery
and the gas tank,
this is a bomb
waiting to go off.
Everything here is going
to go up like a match.
I'm gonna grab
the fire shelter.
Have you ever
used one of those?
Uh, I saw a video
on YouTube once.
Ridley, I need LAFD command
on the phone right now.
They need to get a DC-10
to do water drops.
DC-10.
Got it.
Tim and Lucy are pinned down
by the fire on Eagle Rock Road.
Why aren't you
writing this down?
Got it.
Water, Eagle Rock Road.
Thank you.
Is this going to work?
It's designed to reflect
radiant heat,
protect against convective
heat, and trap breathable air,
which is good, but it's
only meant for short-lived--
Yes. Yes is the answer
that I'm looking for.
Yes, it is definitely
going to work.
Listen, I want to tell you
something.
No, no.
What, you got somewhere
you got to be?
God, you are gonna
say something heartfelt
because you think
we're gonna die,
and I don't want
to cry right now.
I might say something
hateful--you don't know.
Yes, I do. I know what you're
going to say.
You're still in love with me.
- Wow, the arrogance!
- Am I wrong?
- No, okay?
No, you're not wrong.
Of course I still love you.
Do you?
- It doesn't matter!
- So that's a yes?
- Oh, you are infuriating!
I know! I know.
That's Glasser's car.
I'll block him in.
Control,
both units are code six.
You're not getting
a signal out.
Fire probably burned out
the repeaters.
If this smoke
gets any thicker,
it could be tough
finding our way back.
Turn on all the
lights on the shop.
Yes, sir.
You guys take the back.
Harper and I will cover
the front.
We'll 8-44 loud as we can so
you know when we're going in.
Copy that.
Give us 30 seconds.
Right.
Police department!
We have a search warrant!
Open the door now!
Police! Open up!
Nolan, we're inside--
downstairs.
We're holding
on a long hallway.
Help!
Please help me!
The police are here!
Keep yelling
so we can find you!
Get back!
Someone just ran
down the hall.
Runner, downstairs hallway.
- Help me!
I can--can't see.
- Help!
- It's Glasser. I'm going.
- Clear!
- Help!
- OK.
I lost him in the smoke.
Harper, where are you?
Help me, please!
I don't know.
There's just so much...
- He's here.
- Help me!
Get back. Get--
Move in.
Nolan!
Nolan, where are you?
Lopez!
I see you in the shower.
Come out slowly.
Show me your hands.
Help me.
Help me!
I got you, all right?
You're going to be safe,
all right?
I got you. I'm going to get
you out of here.
I'm going to get
All right.
I got you.
All right, come on.
Ready?
All right, I got you.
I got you.
I got you, all right?
Let's go.
I got you. I got you.
I got you.
You're going to be all right.
We gonna be all right.
Augh!
I found her!
Lopez! Lopez!
Wake up.
Hey, hey, hey, wake up.
Come on.
Wake up.
We got to get out of here.
Come on.
- I'm up. Where's the--
- Get up.
Where--where are we?
Where's Glasser?
Come on, come on.
Let's go.
Glasser's here!
He's down here!
I got Glasser!
Downstairs!
Drop it!
Now!
You're under arrest.
I got ya.
All right.
You're not smiling now,
are you?
Fire's everywhere.
We got to go now, right now.
Move!
I told you we'd make it.
Only because I made you.
I know the water drop
might injure them,
but burning alive
will kill them.
Control, 7-Adam-100,
we are code four.
Hold on.
7-Adam-100, please repeat.
We are code four.
I repeat, code four.
We could use a ride.
Copy that.
Help's on the way.
You got a little something.
Oh, you got dad jokes?
Really?
- You got him.
- Yeah, we got him. It's over.
Congratulations.
I can get
the interrogation room ready.
Well, if someone else wants
to question him, then great,
but I am done for the day.
- Really?
- Yes.
And I am taking
all my vacation days.
Happy to hear it.
Whoa.
Heard you guys
arrested Glasser.
Yeah.
Caught him in the act.
Thought you were on baby duty?
Oh, our sitter
finally showed up.
- Is that glitter?
- Oh, yeah.
You should see the house.
We're going to have to burn it
down, start over.
Mm.
Thank you.
Um, do you got a sec--
Can I talk to you
about something?
Yeah.
You and James,
you're--you're close, right?
Yeah, why?
Well, I, um...
I saw him kissing another woman
earlier at the center.
- No.
- Yeah.
I mean, so I--
I have to tell Harper, right?
I mean, I would give James
a chance to come clean first.
Tell him that you know and give
him 24 hours to tell Harper,
or you will.
You know, he'd probably take
this a lot better
coming from a close friend.
- No.
No, not a chance.
This is your problem.
My problem is, how the hell do
I not tell my wife
about this conversation?
Oh.
Sorry.
- Uh-huh.
♪ There's something
standing ♪
Hey, I thought we were going
to die out there.
Me too.
Having an experience like that
really just crystallizes
your priorities.
It's crazy.
Yeah, my priorities
were already clear.
I keep talking about it,
but I have to--
I have to get serious,
you know.
I need to move forward
in my career.
Yeah.
Yeah, I-I agree.
You know, um...
I've been thinking about taking
the sergeant's exam.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Well, I mean, if you pass,
then I wouldn't be
your supervisor anymore.
That's a good point.
I hadn't thought of that.
I've got some
excellent books on tape.
I could, uh, help you study.
- Oh.
Well, the test isn't
for another few months,
but it's always good
to get a head start.
Oh, thank God
you guys are okay.
You're--
you're better than okay.
It's like nothing
even happened.
Yeah, smoke inhalation
and, like, a lifetime
of nightmare fuel,
but other than that...
Yeah, good.
Bad, but I--
Good.
Um, yeah, I got into it with
the National Weather Service.
I did some serious yelling.
The fact that they didn't
update us that the fire
had--had shifted is
unacceptable.
I'm sorry. The road wasn't
safe, they didn't tell us?
Yeah.
It's unbelievable, right?
I--somebody's got to get fired
over this.
I'll follow up,
make sure they do.
No, I-I don't think
that's necessary.
I put the fear of God in them.
Um...
anyways, I'm just here--
I'm just checking on my T.O.
I got to get
back to the station.
Grey needs me.
I need to tell you something.
- About the guy who stopped by?
- Connor, yeah.
You were right.
I was at the Phoenix Club
when the shooting happened.
And you saw who did it?
They're going to kill me
if I say anything.
The police can protect you.
- Right.
No, they can, okay?
Look, I know you want
to do the right thing.
Let me help you.
Why are you being so nice
after what I did?
I believe in second chances.
I think I may be on my third
at this point.
I believe in fourth chances.
Look, we can go
to the police station together.
Down! Down!
Get down!